Designing Publicis KV System which is an AI system for generate Key Visual for client brands.


Tech Stack:
- Next.js (for frontend)
- Tailwind CSS (for styling)
- Shadcn UI (for UI)
- OpenAI (for prompt optimization)
- Supabase (for database)
- Python + Flask (for backend)
- ComfyUI API (for AI image generation)

Main Screen Features: (See the reference design)
- Base on the selection of KV sytle and selection of designed product, generate Key Visual for client brands.
- Once the user select the KV style, the corresponding prompt will be loaded.
- All the KV styles and prompts are stored in the database for future use.
- User can download the generated image and share it with others. Or save it to the server for future use.
- User could alter the prompt before generating the image.
- Waiting animation while the image is being generated.

Setup Page Features:
- Admin can add new KV styles and prompts to the database.
- Admin can delete the KV styles and prompts from the database.
- Admin can update the KV styles and prompts in the database.

History Page Features:
- User can view all the images he/she has generated.
- User can download the image.
- User can delete the image from the server.

Database Schema:
- KV_styles: store the KV styles, KV style image, and prompts.
- Products: store the products information, description, image, lora model path.
- KV_images: store the images generated by the users.

Top Navigation: (See the reference design)
- Logo
- Search Bar
- Main Page (right hand side)
- Setup Page (right hand side)
- History Page (right hand side)

Others:
- Desktop version only.
- Responsive design for different screen sizes.
- Error handling for user inputs.

Backend:

# Create a virtual environment
python -m venv venv

# Activate the virtual environment
# For Windows:
.\venv\Scripts\activate

# You should see (venv) at the start of your command prompt